Review comments from Menachem (#202)
thomas-fossati/draft-tls13-iot: draft-ietf-uta-tls13-iot-profile.md

> 
> This document updates {{RFC7925}} with respect to the X.509 certificate profile ({{certificate_profile}}) and ciphersuite requirements ({{ciphersuites}}).
> 
> This document is organized as follows. The sections from {{credential_types}}
> through {{zerortt}} profile TLS/DTLS credentials and protocol features relevant
> to constrained IoT deployments, including credential types, session resumption,
> compression, forward secrecy, server name indication (SNI), record sizing,
> crypto agility, key lengths, and 0-RTT data. {{certificate_profile}} updates
> and clarifies the X.509 certificate profile from {{RFC7925}}.
> {{trust_anchor_update}} and {{certificate_overhead}} discuss trust-anchor update
> and certificate-size overhead. {{ciphersuites}} updates the ciphersuite
> requirements. The remaining sections discuss fault attacks, post-quantum
> cryptography, privacy, and security considerations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This document is organized as follows. 
The sections from {{credential_types}}
through {{zerortt}} profile TLS/DTLS credentials and protocol features relevant
to constrained IoT deployments, including credential types, session resumption,
compression, forward secrecy, server name indication (SNI), record sizing,
crypto agility, key lengths, and 0-RTT data. {{certificate_profile}} updates
and clarifies the X.509 certificate profile from {{RFC7925}}.

TLS protocol compatibility is a required basis, but it is insufficient to permit interoperability at the level of authentication and authorization.
{{trust_anchor_update}} and {{certificate_overhead}} discuss trust-anchor update
and certificate-size overhead. {{ciphersuites}} updates the ciphersuite
requirements. 

The remaining sections discuss fault attacks, post-quantum
cryptography, privacy, and security considerations.
```

### Subject

{{Section 4.1.2.6 of !RFC5280}} requires that, when the subject is a CA,
the subject field be populated with a non-empty distinguished name. Therefore,

> Root CA certificates MUST have a non-empty subject field. The subject field

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{Section 4.1.2.6 of !RFC5280}} requires that, when the subject is a CA,
the subject field be populated with a non-empty distinguished name. 
Therefore, Root CA certificates MUST have a non-empty subject field. 
This is because a CA's SubjectDN becomes the subordinate certificate's IssuerDN, which MUST NOT be empty.
The subject field
```

Reviewer 2: shouldn't we replace "Requires that" with a normative language? 

from RFC5280 -- a bit modified:

If the subject is a CA (e.g., the basic constraints extension, is present and the value of cA is  TRUE), then the subject field MUST be populated with a non-empty distinguished name.
